---
description: >-
  Data can be provided as NDJSON, CSV or Parquet. This document describes the
  NDJSON data structure.
---

# NDJSON Data Structure for ADX

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="368.5">Field</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>id</code></td><td>The unique identifier of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>parent_event</code></td><td>Used to indicate if this event is part of a larger event. These types of events are called umbrella events in the system. This field only shows if a child event has a parent id. It does not indicate if a parent event has child events.</td></tr><tr><td><code>title</code></td><td>The title of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>description</code></td><td>The description of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>category</code></td><td>The category of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>labels</code></td><td>The labels associated with the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>rank</code></td><td>A log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. It is designed to represent the potential impact of an event independent of its geographical location.</td></tr><tr><td><code>local_rank</code></td><td>Similar to PHQ Rank, this is a log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. It is designed to represent the potential impact of an event on its local geographical area.</td></tr><tr><td><code>aviation_rank</code></td><td>A log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. Aviation Rank indicates how much an event will impact flight bookings.</td></tr><tr><td><code>phq_attendance</code></td><td>A numerical value that reflects the predicted attendance number for supported attendance-based categories. </td></tr><tr><td><code>entities</code></td><td>An array of entities linked to the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>duration</code></td><td>Not directly corresponding to a previous field, but relates to the difference in seconds between EVENT_START and EVENT_END.</td></tr><tr><td><code>start</code></td><td>The date and time that the event starts in UTC. </td></tr><tr><td><code>end</code></td><td>The date and time that the event ends in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>updated</code></td><td>The date and time the event was last updated in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>first_seen</code></td><td>The date and time the event was first seen by PredictHQ in UTC. </td></tr><tr><td><code>timezone</code></td><td>The time zone of the event in TZ Database format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>location</code></td><td>This field seems to provide geographic coordinates derived from GEO.</td></tr><tr><td><code>geo</code></td><td>The geographic details (location) of the event in GeoJSON format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>impact_patterns</code></td><td>Also known as “Demand impact patterns”. This field shows impact for leading days, lagging days, and the days the event occurs.</td></tr><tr><td><code>scope</code></td><td>The geographical scope the events apply to.</td></tr><tr><td><code>placekey</code></td><td>The Placekey identifier for the physical address where the event takes place.</td></tr><tr><td><code>country</code></td><td>The country code in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>place_hierarchies</code></td><td>An array of place hierarchies for the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>state</code></td><td>The publication state of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>brand_safe</code></td><td>Whether or not this event is considered brand-safe.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cancelled</code></td><td>The date and time the event was set to cancelled in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>postponed</code></td><td>The date and time the event was set to postponed in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>predicted_event_spend_industries</code></td><td>An object containing predicted event spend for various industries like accommodation, hospitality, and transportation.</td></tr><tr><td><code>phq_labels</code></td><td>The phq_labels associated with the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>predicted_end</code></td><td>The date and time that PredictHQ predicts that the physical event being broadcast will end, in the timezone of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>change_action</code></td><td><p>Indicates if the record has been updated, deleted or inserted. Use when processing the data file to keep your database updated.</p><ul><li><code>UPDATE</code></li><li><code>DELETE</code></li><li><code>INSERT</code></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
