---
description: >-
  Data can be provided as NDJSON, CSV or Parquet. This document describes the
  NDJSON data structure.
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: false
  pagination:
    visible: true
---

# NDJSON Data Structure for ADX

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="368.5">Field</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>id</code></td><td>The unique identifier of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>parent_event</code></td><td>Used to indicate if this event is part of a larger event. These types of events are called umbrella events in the system. For example, a large multi-day parent umbrella event may have individual child events for sessions on different days. This field only shows if a child event has a parent id. It does not indicate if a parent event has child events. For details see our <a href="../../../getting-started/guides/date-and-time-guides/working-with-multi-day-and-umbrella-events.md">Umbrella Events docs</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>title</code></td><td>The title of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>description</code></td><td>The description of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>category</code></td><td>The category of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>labels</code></td><td>The labels associated with the event. Use the <a href="../../../api/events/get-event-counts.md">count endpoint</a> to fetch a list of available labels.</td></tr><tr><td><code>rank</code></td><td><p>A log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. It is designed to represent the potential impact of an event independent of its geographical location. </p><p></p><p>See also our <a href="../../../getting-started/predicthq-data/ranks/phq-rank.md">PHQ Rank docs</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>local_rank</code></td><td><p>Similar to PHQ Rank, this is a log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. It is designed to represent the potential impact of an event on its local geographical area.</p><p></p><p>Local Rank is calculated for events in the categories community, concerts, conferences, expos, sports, festivals, performing-arts. If local_rank is not intended to be available for an event, this field will be <code>null</code>. </p><p></p><p>See also our <a href="../../../getting-started/predicthq-data/ranks/local-rank.md">Local Rank docs</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>aviation_rank</code></td><td><p>A log scale numerical value between 0 and 100 with a five-level hierarchical impact schema. Aviation Rank indicates how much an event will impact flight bookings by considering both domestic and international travel. It can be mapped to the predicted increase in demand based on people flying to an event. Therefore, events with higher Aviation Rank are expected to result in more people taking flights than lower Aviation Rank events. Aviation Rank is calculated for events in the categories concerts, conferences, expos, sports, festivals, performing-arts, observances, public-holidays, and school-holidays. If aviation_rank is not intended to be available for an event or we couldn't calculate it, this field will be null. </p><p></p><p>See also our <a href="../../../getting-started/predicthq-data/ranks/aviation-rank.md">Aviation Rank docs</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>phq_attendance</code></td><td><p><code>phq_attendance</code> reflects the entire attendance for multi-day events (the number of people attending across the full duration of the event) except for some categories like conferences where it is the daily attendance. </p><p></p><p>For details see our <a href="../../../getting-started/predicthq-data/predicted-attendance.md">Predicted Attendance guide</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>entities</code></td><td>An array of entities linked to the event. This is a complex data type, please see <a href="../../../api/events/search-events.md">Events API</a> for details.</td></tr><tr><td><code>duration</code></td><td>Not directly corresponding to a previous field, but relates to the difference in seconds between EVENT_START and EVENT_END.</td></tr><tr><td><code>start</code></td><td>The date and time that the event starts in UTC. </td></tr><tr><td><code>end</code></td><td>The date and time that the event ends in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>updated</code></td><td>The date and time the event was last updated in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>first_seen</code></td><td>The date and time the event was first seen by PredictHQ in UTC. </td></tr><tr><td><code>timezone</code></td><td>The time zone of the event in TZ Database format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>location</code></td><td>This field seems to provide geographic coordinates derived from GEO.</td></tr><tr><td><code>geo</code></td><td>The geographic details (location) of the event in GeoJSON format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>impact_patterns</code></td><td>Also known as “Demand impact patterns”. This field shows impact for leading days (days before the event), lagging days (days after an event) and the days the event occurs. It contains details such as the industry vertical the impact pattern applies to, the type of impact shown in the impact pattern, and an array of objects for each day showing the date in the local timezone of the event and the value of the impact_type for that given day.</td></tr><tr><td><code>scope</code></td><td>The geographical scope the events apply to.</td></tr><tr><td><code>placekey</code></td><td>The Placekey identifier for the physical address where the event takes place. See <a href="../../../getting-started/guides/geolocation-guides/searching-by-location/find-events-by-placekey.md">Placekey</a>. This field will be <code>null</code> if the What part or the Where part of the Placekey for the event address couldn't be retrieved.</td></tr><tr><td><code>country</code></td><td>The country code in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format.</td></tr><tr><td><code>place_hierarchies</code></td><td><p>An array of place hierarchies for the event. Each hierarchy is an array of place ids. The final place in a hierarchy is a specific place the event applies to. Each place is a sub-place of the place immediately preceding it in the hierarchy. An empty array is possible and valid. </p><p></p><p>See also the <a href="../../../getting-started/guides/geolocation-guides/understanding-place-hierarchies.md">Place Hierarchies guide</a>.</p></td></tr><tr><td><code>state</code></td><td><p>The publication state of the event. </p><p></p><p>Possible values: </p><ul><li><code>active</code> - the event is published and valid.</li><li><code>deleted</code> - the event was removed, either because it was cancelled or is a duplicate.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>brand_safe</code></td><td>Whether or not this event is considered brand-safe. Examples of brand-unsafe events include content that promotes hate, violence, or discrimination, coarse language, content that is sexually suggestive or explicit, etc.</td></tr><tr><td><code>cancelled</code></td><td>The date and time the event was set to cancelled in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>postponed</code></td><td>The date and time the event was set to postponed in UTC.</td></tr><tr><td><code>predicted_event_spend_industries</code></td><td>An object containing predicted event spend for various industries like accommodation, hospitality, and transportation. See <a href="../../../api/events/search-events.md">Events API docs</a>.</td></tr><tr><td><code>phq_labels</code></td><td>The PHQ Labels associated with the event. This field will be <code>null</code> if there are no PHQ Labels for this event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>predicted_end</code></td><td>The date and time that PredictHQ predicts that the physical event being broadcast will end, in the timezone of the event.</td></tr><tr><td><code>alternate_ids</code></td><td>All alternate IDs for the event.  Any event IDs that may have been used for this event in the past will be included here. It does not include the current event ID.</td></tr><tr><td><code>change_action</code></td><td><p>Indicates if the record has been updated, deleted or inserted. Use when processing the data file to keep your database updated.</p><ul><li><code>UPDATE</code></li><li><code>DELETE</code></li><li><code>INSERT</code></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>
