---
title: API Cards
---

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Events API</strong></td><td><p>The largest and most accurate source of global data.</p><p>Customers also use this API to keep a copy of PredictHQ Event data updated in their environment.</p><p>Every event has unique-to-PredictHQ values like Predicted Attendance, Ranks, Predicted End Times and more.</p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/events/">events</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Broadcasts API</strong></td><td><p>Full broadcast (Live TV) information covering many sporting events in USA.</p><p>Customers also use this API to keep a copy of PredictHQ Broadcast data updated in their environment.</p><p>Every Broadcast has Predicted Viewership and more.</p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/broadcasts/">broadcasts</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Features API</strong></td><td><p>Prebuilt ML features to enhance your forecasting models.</p><p>Customers use this API to very quickly get features that can be used by their forecasting (and other) machine-learning models.</p><p>This API removes all of the hard, time-consuming work of aggregating the individual events from Events API and makes sure it is done correctly.</p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/features/">features</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Beam API</strong></td><td><p>Relevancy engine.</p><p>Customers use this API to understand how events have impacted their business in the past and to know which types of events are likely to impact them in the future so they can prepare for changes in demand.</p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/beam/">beam</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Demand Surge API</strong></td><td>Identify abnormal increases in predicted attendance around your location.<br><br></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/demand-surge/">demand-surge</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Suggested Radius API</strong></td><td><p>Takes the guesswork out of working out a suitable radius around your location when searching for events.</p><p>Customers use this API to more accurately work out a suitable radius around their stores/businesses. Different types of events affect different types of businesses nearer and further away depending on the type.</p><p>We strongly recommend using Suggested Radius API for each of your locations to remove the guesswork and improve the accuracy.</p></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/suggested-radius/">suggested-radius</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Saved Locations API</strong></td><td>Get insights about your locations.</td><td></td><td>Manage your locations to be referenced and used throughout our APIs.</td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/saved-locations/">saved-locations</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Loop API</strong></td><td>Manage Loop Links and enable submitting events and feedback.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/loop/">loop</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Places API</strong></td><td>Places data based on Geonames.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../../tech-docs/api/places/">places</a></td></tr></tbody></table>
