---
description: >-
  Explore our Jupyter Notebooks to making getting started with PredictHQ data
  easier.
---

# Data Science Notebooks

Demand intelligence is a new and evolving field. We’ve created a number of Data Science Jupyter Notebooks to help you get started with PredictHQ’s intelligent event data. You’ll find guides to using our API with common Data Science tools, libraries in Python, and code samples.

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Demand Forecasting Notebook</strong></td><td>Step-by-step guide on how to use intelligent event features in demand forecasting models.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/features-api-guides/demand-forecasting-data-science-guides.md">demand-forecasting-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Attendance-Based Events Notebooks</strong></td><td>Attended Events are scheduled to occur at a specific location and usually depend on attendance, such as conferences, expos, concerts, festivals, performing-arts, sports and community.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/events-api-guides/attendance-based-events-data-science-guides.md">attendance-based-events-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Non-Attendance-Based Events Notebooks</strong></td><td>Non-Attendance-Based Events are events with a start and end date, but are more fluid and distributed in impact, such as observances or school holidays.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/events-api-guides/non-attendance-based-events-data-science-guides.md">non-attendance-based-events-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Severe Weather Event Notebooks</strong></td><td>Severe weather is any dangerous meteorological phenomenon with the potential to cause damage, serious social disruption, or loss of human life.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/events-api-guides/severe-weather-events-data-science-guides.md">severe-weather-events-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Academic Events Notebooks</strong></td><td>Academic Events are captured from an individual higher education institute’s academic calendar. They outline the general undergraduate activities, for example instruction period, break, exams, graduation, social, etc.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/events-api-guides/academic-events-data-science-guides.md">academic-events-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Live TV Events Notebooks</strong></td><td>Live TV Events covers live broadcast sports games with a large number of people watching at a particular time across different counties across the United States.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/live-tv-event-guides/live-tv-events-data-science-guides.md">live-tv-events-data-science-guides.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Features API Notebook</strong></td><td>A how-to guide with details on how to retrieve machine learning features using Features API.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/features-api-guides/feature-engineering-guide.md">feature-engineering-guide.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Beam Notebooks</strong></td><td>Designed to provide you with the context you need to get started with the Beam API and use it effectively.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/beam-guides/">beam-guides</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Working with Venues Notebook</strong></td><td>Guide to exploring PredictHQ’s venue information.</td><td></td><td><a href="guides/events-api-guides/working-with-venues.md">working-with-venues.md</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

All our Data Science Notebooks can be found in our [GitHub repo](https://github.com/predicthq/phq-data-science-docs/tree/master).
